

ETHICS REPORT FOR INDIVIDUAL DATASET - VOCAB_TESTDATASET

Has age : True
Has behaviour data : True
Has child data : False
Has contact information : False
Has criminal activity : False
Has data controller name : iuh
Has ethnicity data : True
Has files with PII attached : True
Has health data : True
Has income data : True
Has loan records : True
Has location data : True
Has name : False
Has physical characteristics : False
Has political opinions : True
Has religion : True
Has signed NDA : False
Has too many data points : False
Has user tracking data : True
Is valid for processing : False
Represents groups : True
Represents individuals : False

ETHICS REPORT FOR INDIVIDUAL DATASET - TESTDATASET

Has age : True
Has behaviour data : True
Has child data : False
Has contact information : True
Has criminal activity : True
Has data controller name : test
Has ethnicity data : True
Has files with PII attached : False
Has health data : True
Has income data : True
Has loan records : False
Has location data : True
Has name : True
Has physical characteristics : True
Has political opinions : True
Has religion : True
Has signed NDA : False
Has too many data points : True
Has user tracking data : True
Is valid for processing : True
Represents groups : False
Represents individuals : True



ETHICS REPORT FOR DATA INTEGRATION OF ALL DATASETS


 + SCENARIO-1 : Locations can be linked and certain races can be unethically claimed as more inclined to be criminals.

 + SCENARIO-1 : Location can be linked and certain ethnic groups can be unethically claimed as more inclined to be criminals.

 + SCENARIO-1 : Since locations can be linked and criminal data is involved, any datapoint from any of the datasets can be used to make ethically wrong assumptions. 

 + SCENARIO-2 : By cross-site tracking a user, unethical assumptions can be made with regards to their loan repayment capabilities and their general interest/behaviour.

 + SCENARIO-2 : Cross-site tracking can be linked with the user's loan records to make any unethical assumption regarding the user.

 + SCENARIO-3 : Based on cross-site tracking data and the behavioural data of a user, unethical assumptions can be made about the user's activities thereby manipulating insurance rates.

 + SCENARIO-3 : Unethical assumption can also be made about the activities of the user's connections (friends, family, followers) on social media accounts.

 + SCENARIO-3 : Online tracking details of a user is very sensitive. It can be combined with any other data about the individual to gain extra information that the user did not consent to originally.

 + SCENARIO-3 : Residents of certain localities might have to pay higher insurance rates due to unethical assumptions that link behaviour and location of people.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they belong to the same age group.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they exhibit similar behaviour.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they belong to the same ethnic group.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they belong to the same income bracket.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they reside in the same area.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they believe in the same religion.
